Honey.
Are you sure we're moving to Bali?
Are you quitting your job in Jakarta?
It's not like I'm leaving my job forever.
Dad can take care of the company.
We don't have children yet.
The doctor said
if we need to reset,
we have to travel and relax.
You want to have children, right?
I really do, honey.
We've been married for five years.
We haven't had children until now.
If this is what's best for us,
I'll follow what you say.
All right then. Tomorrow,
we'll leave for Bali.
Sorry, five years ago at your wedding,
I couldn't come
because my mom was sick at the same time.
Yeah, that's okay, Den.
Besides, you already
gave me a lot of souvenirs.
That's more than enough. Right, honey?
- Yes. - Thank you, okay?
Thanks to you. You're always
there whenever we come to Bali.
If I go to Jakarta, you're
the one who picks me up.
Right, what if you stay
with us at our villa?
Right, there are three rooms.
One for me and Sandra,
one for the villa's
guard, and one more for you.
Yeah, come on.
I can't spend the night there.
But if I visit you occasionally
and don't spend the night,
that can be arranged.
Promise me you'll visit
me. Don't break your promise.
Yes, San.
I'll drop by if I don't
have any makeup jobs.
Make up?
Hey, we've arrived in
Ubud. Where is your villa?
Where exactly is the villa?
I don't know the exact address too.
Did you just buy a villa
without surveying it first?
It was my friend's villa.
I haven't had time to survey it yet.
I'd like to see it too.
What is the name of the villa?
Alam Sembuwuk Villa.
Never mind. Look it up on the
map. Let's not keep going in circles.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, sir.
Were you ordered by Mr. Agung
to look after this villa?
Yes, sir.
Just call me Mr. Rai.
- Please come in. - Thank you, Mr. Rai.
- Let me bring the suitcase, okay? - Okay.
The villa's atmosphere is
nice. It feels so natural.
Away from noise.
Okay then, you married couple.
I can't accompany you for now
because I have a makeup job.
So I'll go back first.
I'll come back tomorrow.
- Okay? - But do come here tomorrow, okay?
Deal! Consider it done.
All right then.
- Be careful and thank you. - Bye.
I feel
an aura of awakening.
It's like there is Leyak
magic starting to emerge.
I hope everything turns out fine.
The switch is here, ma'am.
It's you, Mr. Rai. I
wonder who it was earlier.
Thank you.
Sir.
Yes, come on. Hurry up.
Hello. All right.
Thank you.
Now we've arrived at my
uncle's water sports place.
You have to try all the rides here.
Are you ready?
- Ready! - Ready!
But San, aren't you worried
your skin will get darker?
Sorry, but if I am with my husband,
I'm not afraid of that.
Yeah, never mind! Let's go in!
Look!
Look at the stretch of
beach before our eyes.
This holiday of yours
will be truly memorable.
You won't regret it.
It's true. The beaches in
Bali are really beautiful.
No matter how many times I've
come here, I never get bored of it.
Yes, that's very true.
Bali is heaven on earth.
Okay, if that's the case, you
guys should change clothes now.
Men should change in the men's
room and women in the ladies' room.
Don't simply change anywhere.
- We're husband and wife though.
- Don't rush.
- It's the same. - Hey.
Iced tea for three, please. Okay?
Enjoy this heat, dear.
- Let's go, honey. - Bye.
Gosh, so tired.
I'm sunburned. My skin is already dark.
And now it's getting darker.
Also chubbier.
How was it? It was fun, right?
I'd never recommend something
that isn't fun for you.
Yes, it is fun.
Plus, we had time to do parasailing.
We could see the beauty of the
Island of the Gods from above.
- It was nice. - Really cool. Den.
Go and take a shower.
Stay here tonight and keep me company.
Later, we'll share mystical stories.
Why did I even agree to stay here?
Fine then.
You're mistaken if you want
to ask me about mystical things,
but my relative has a sixth sense.
- Seriously? - That's enough.
I don't believe in mystical things.
Okay then.
Why can't we share mystical stories?
We'd better go back to our room, okay?
Here you go.
Help me learn how to
use the sewing machine.
Sure.
Later when you are older,
you can help your in-laws.
All right.
Mom.
Why did I suddenly dream of Grandma?
That's normal.
It means you miss her.
No, Mom. This one is different.
In my dream,
she suddenly came back to life.
You're so weird.
How could a dead person come back to life?
That's why you should remember my advice.
Before going to sleep, remember to pray
so that you don't have strange dreams.
That's enough.
Honey.
Honey, you startled me!
What are you doing? I've
been seeing you daydreaming.
- Nothing. - I know you.
You must be thinking
about something, right?
No, honey. I don't know why.
Nevermind.
Let's just have a baby in Bali.
It's raining outside.
Why do I feel that
someone is watching me?
San.
Put.
Do you really want to live in Bali?
Yes, because the doctor
suggested I go on bed rest
if I want to focus on having children.
Moreover,
I've been married for five years,
but I don't have children yet.
That's good, monkey.
Now I have a friend in Bali.
- What did you call me? - No!
Hey, don't call me monkey, okay?
Because the monkeys on my campus
eat bananas and destroy property.
Bear that in mind.
What did you say earlier?
To keep me company?
You mean someone will
accompany you to watch movies,
pay for food, and hang out, right?
I don't have enough money.
Killing two birds with one stone.
Do my nails look nice?
They're nice.
Please do my nails too.
These hairy feet look
like moss growing on them.
What are you doing here?
What are you doing, San?
Spying on people preparing offerings.
Den, I want to ask you.
Why do I always see him giving
the offerings every night?
What could it mean? Does
he practice black magic?
At this day and age, why do
you still believe in those things?
Hush, don't simply say things.
He's not practicing black magic.
In fact, every Hindu community in Bali
performs offerings as a tradition
for the seen and the unseen, for God,
and for invisible beings.
Take a look at this villa.
It's far from the crowds, right?
That makes it vulnerable
to unseen beings.
Local people call them wong samar.
Right, do you remember when you
picked me up in Bali back then?
You took me to the villa
that my friend recommended.
That villa had a strong
mystical aura. Do you remember?
Yes, I remember.
That's why I didn't take you inside, right?
Enough, it's better if we
don't discuss things like this.
See?
Believe it or not,
the mystical things in Bali
are very strong, you know?
This is just a power outage,
not due to anything mystical.
Mr. Rai, turn on the lights.
The lights are back.
This has nothing to do
with supernatural beings.
See? It's off again.
We're being pranked, you know?
Putra, it's better if
you say you believe it.
I'm scared.
I'm sleeping with you guys tonight.
You're a guy. Why bother
us on our honeymoon?
Honey, what are you doing?
It's already bad enough
that he sleeps alone.
Yes, you're really heartless, aren't you?
I'm going to my room.
This villa is really scary.
Luh.
I've finished everything.
Now let's pray
so that your grandma's
spirit will rest in peace.
Okay.
Since the people from Jakarta came here,
strange things have been
happening at this villa.
Maybe they learned black magic.
Honey.
Honey, what's wrong with you?
You're okay, right?
I just had a bad dream.
This must be because of what Denny said.
I told you not to think about it.
Don't dwell on strange things.
I bring you here to Bali so we can be happy
and we can have a reset.
Not talk about mystical things with Denny.
Yes, honey. I'm sorry.
Okay then.
Now let's just sleep.
Good morning!
Rise and shine! Time to wake up!
Don't just focus on making
a baby. Wake up early.
Putra, you don't want to
miss your flight, right?
Wake up, dear.
He's so noisy.
Wake up, honey. It's already afternoon.
Gosh, honey. It's already 11
a.m. My flight is at two, right?
Hurry up and take a shower, honey.
I'm afraid there'll be heavy traffic.
Yes, I'll get ready first.
- I'll wait outside, honey. - Okay.
So noisy. People are sleeping.
Your face…
It was good, wasn't it?
How was it? Was it good?
Did you stay up late?
How many times?
If I didn't wake you up, no way
you would be awake at this hour.
What do you mean staying up?
I had a nightmare last night.
What kind of nightmare
when you're enjoying it?
Den…
I dreamed I was chased by
an old woman. It was scary.
Oh dear. It's just an
old woman in your dream.
Maybe she wanted to
hang out. Right, Mr. Rai?
Would you like me to make you coffee?
Could you make two, please?
- Okay. - What did you just say?
Hanging out with an old woman?
So do you mean I really want
- to be chased by an old woman?
- Calm down.
Calm down. Don't stress.
Eat first. It's still early.
I was just kidding.
Eat up, it's delicious.
Come on, let's hurry to the airport.
Wait a second. I haven't worn my shoes yet.
Honey, I made you tea. Drink first.
Thanks.
Honey, I'm going to the airport first.
Take care of yourself, okay?
Don't think too much.
How long will you be in Jakarta?
Once all my work is finished,
I can leave it to Dad and
come back here right away.
Don't take too long, okay?
- Okay. - Come on, I'm ready.
- Come on, hurry. - Bye.
Honey. Hey, San, hurry up.
I can't stay tonight.
Then I will be alone here?
Putra is going to Jakarta and
you aren't staying here tonight.
You are so spoiled.
Calm down.
I'll send my relative to accompany you.
The one who is a great singer.
- Let's hurry! - Let's go.
Greetings.
So, Jero.
Many people say I can
see supernatural beings
even though I've never learned Leyak magic,
Wait a second.
Sorry, child.
At this moment,
you truly can do Leyak magic.
It was passed down to you.
Recently, did someone
in your family die
and ask you to be near them
at the time of their death?
Yes, it was my grandma.
I also dreamed of being
with my grandma at the grave.
The dream means
that her knowledge of Leyak magic
was passed down to you.
So how do I get rid of this?
You can return the knowledge of Leyak magic
at Pura Dalem
or Pura Prajapati.
At exactly midnight
on Friday Kliwon night.
But I am so scared.
Don't worry.
I'll help and look after you, child.
If that's the case, thank you.
Ma'am.
Someone's here for you.
Yes.
Are you Gayatri, Denny's relative?
Yes, I'm Gayatri.
I'm Sandra.
You didn't bring a bag?
Didn't you plan on staying here?
It's in my car.
I see.
Could you take Gayatri's
bag and bring it here?
- Okay, ma'am. - Thanks.
- Let's chat inside. - Come on.
How was it? Is it hard to find this place?
It's not that hard.
Right, Gayatri.
Do you really have a sixth sense?
Yes, I do.
Balinese people call it melik.
Right.
Can I ask something?
Sure. What do you want to know?
Why are you so serious?
Do you
learn Leyak magic?
Leyak magic?
Of course not. You're kidding, aren't you?
I can't possibly learn that.
Why did you ask?
No, I'm just asking.
I often heard stories about Leyak magic,
but I don't know until now
what Leyak magic looks like.
Actually, Leyak magic is
meant for self-protection,
but because human nature is greedy,
it's usually misused.
Yes, it depends on the person.
Keep going.
Gosh, my dearly beloved child.
Drink some milk first, okay?
Stop that nonsense.
Hurry and finish the milk.
Don't be fussy. Just finish your drink.
I'm going to sleep. My darling is waiting.
- I love you. - Finish it.
It turns out I forgot to close the window.
Oh my, you keep looking
younger and younger.
She dresses up all the
time. Isn't that right, Rik?
Hey, if I look young, you'll be proud too.
If you look young, I feel happy too.
Oh dear.
This one puts on makeup every day.
Children are prohibited
from making comments.
Where is Sandra?
Hey.
What's wrong, Gayatri?
Why are you running
until you're out of breath?
What's wrong?
Was that not you earlier?
No.
Have a drink first.
Why?
Nothing.
Okay then. Calm down, okay?
Just sleep in my room.
I can sleep alone.
It's all right.
Calm down.
OPEN
- Hi! - Hi!
Hello, Den. Welcome to Jim's Salon.
Hello, miss.
Today, me and this girl who is super fussy
want to do treatment here.
You always call me fussy
even though you're the
one who is fussy, right?
But you are fussy.
Mainly, for her…
I'm exhausted.
Yeah.
Fortunately, it's not
raining, so we can swim.
Yeah.
What necklace is that, San?
What necklace is that?
Oh, this.
Just a normal necklace, it's nothing.
Let's swim.
Gayatri, what are you doing?
You're pulling my leg again.
What if I drown?
It's not funny.
How's your work in Jakarta, honey?
Everything's fine.
What about you?
I'm fine too.
Denny's relative is
here. Her name is Gayatri.
Well, starting last night, she's
been staying at our villa, honey.
Ever since she stayed here,
many strange things have been happening.
Maybe…
she has a sixth sense.
That's nonsense.
Just because someone acts strange
doesn't mean they have a sixth sense.
Yes, I don't mean it like that, but…
Enough.
It's better not to discuss
mystical things like this anymore.
You'll just add more stress.
You'd better go for a
walk with Denny instead.
All right.
When are you coming back here?
Be patient, I'll be back soon.
Okay then.
Good evening!
- Did you just get here? - Yes, dear.
Today, I have five makeup jobs.
So exhausting.
Why is your face like that? Where's Sandra?
She's in her room talking to her husband.
So what are you doing here?
I saw Dadong's figure.
And it's Sandra.
What do you mean? I don't understand.
Your friend, Sandra, can do Leyak magic.
You're mistaken, Gayatri. There's
no way she can do Leyak magic.
She doesn't even come here that often.
- But it's true. - Impossible.
What are you talking about? Looks exciting.
Why didn't you call me?
Nothing. It's just Gayatri.
She said she saw mystical things here.
Right, like that time when I came here
to my friend's villa.
There is a strong mystical aura.
My friends and I intentionally
entered the other realm.
In the end,
I believe in mystical things.
"Believe"?
Aren't you the one who knows Leyak magic?
What do you mean?
From the moment you arrived, you've
been saying I practice Leyak magic.
Den, tell your relative here
if she's not afraid of me eating…
Mr. Rai!
- Sandra, wake up! - Sir!
Wake up, San.
San, wake up.
- Greetings, Jero. - Greetings.
Have a seat, child.
You came here finally.
What do you mean?
Back then,
your grandma came here.
And now,
I feel
your grandma has come back again.
You mean she came back from the dead?
No. Not her.
It's her black magic.
Back then,
when my grandma was
paralyzed for five years,
a paranormal expert came to our house.
He told us about Grandma's
knowledge of Leyak.
She used to be a snake dancer.
She used to perform in many villas
and on stages by invitation.
Many people insulted
and humiliated her for
being a snake dancer,
so she tried to find a magic charm.
She used Leyak magic for self-protection.
So everyone would be
content and submit to her.
This is what we call Penangkeb.
Then
you carried out the Matur Piuning ritual.
Yes, Jero.
But strangely,
she opened her eyes and
then closed them back.
It felt like something
came out of her body.
That's right.
Her magic came out
and had to return to the amulet
that she brought.
Amulet?
What is this, Grandma?
It's for my protection.
Where did you get that?
It was from Mangku Tedja.
Who is Mangku Tedja, Grandma?
You asked too many questions, girl.
So where is it now?
That's what we have to find out.
When she died,
did you find the amulet?
No, Jero.
We pray and hope
God will show us the way.
All right, Jero.
Den.
Wake up, Den.
It's still nighttime. Just sleep.
It's already afternoon, Den.
Afternoon?
What time is it?
Oh my god.
It's already 10 o'clock.
You're awake, San?
What happened last night?
Why are you sitting on the
floor like that, watching over me?
You really don't remember?
You were possessed yesterday.
That's why I sleep here.
What? Possessed?
So, where is Gayatri?
Yes, San. Yesterday, you were possessed.
If you don't believe it, just ask Mr. Rai.
He sprinkled you with holy water.
As for Gayatri,
you threw her out
because whoever is inside
your body doesn't like her.
They're against each other.
I don't even know anymore. I'm confused.
That's enough.
No need to get all confused.
Today, we're going out. How about that?
Sure.
Putra also told me to go out
since I'm here.
Yeah, he's right. You keep
staying here in the villa.
Basically, in an hour,
you should be showered, dressed up,
and all ready.
Basically all that.
Get ready in an hour from now. Get up.
Don't go back to sleep.
- Mom. - Yes?
I want to tell you
something very important.
What is it?
Yesterday, I meditated.
Suddenly, there was white
smoke that took me somewhere.
Where's that?
At the house of a spiritual person.
The spiritual person knows about Grandma.
What else?
She said
Grandma's Leyak magic has come back.
It resides in her amulet.
In that case,
we must pray
so that nothing happens.
Yes, Mom.
Hurry up, you baboon.
You're too heavy.
Wait, let's take a selfie.
Playing hopscotch.
It's like playing hopscotch.
Den.
Den, isn't this used to be a river?
Yes, that's right.
It's called Tukad Badung.
But the millennials call it
Tukad Korea!
This is nice. I'm happy to see
it. It's like being in Korea.
I want to take some photos.
Hello.
Gayatri.
Yeah, what's up?
- Nothing. - How is Sandra doing?
Sandra is fine now.
She just didn't know
what happened yesterday.
You have to help me, okay?
Let's find out what's
really going on with Sandra.
I have a spiritual teacher.
I'll try to consult him.
- I'll call you back. - Okay.
Who's calling?
So nosy. It was Mr. Bald.
Mr. Bald called me. Come on.
Sandra.
I brought you a drink.
- You're being too kind. - Of course.
Cheers first, dear.
How's our walk today? Was it fun?
It was.
I'm not even mad.
That's why I swim.
What are you doing there? Come and swim.
Are you just leaving me here?
I don't want to.
- Just keep swimming.
- You want to swim or not?
No way, get out.
No way.
- Join me! - I don't want to.
I can swim on my own. It's more fun.
What the hell, San?
Why do I feel
there's something strange in the water?
You and your mystical stuff.
That's all you can think about.
No, I mean this is a hilly area.
The water should be
cold, so why is it warm?
It feels even hotter on my body.
It's better for the water to be hot
than for your heart to be.
This way, you won't
feel cold while swimming.
- I'm serious, Den. - What do you mean?
I'm serious, Den.
- What was that? - Den!
Den!
Sandra!
- Mr. Rai! - What happened?
Sir!
Den, help me.
Sandra!
San!
Sir!
Where is Sandra?
Sandra! San!
San!
Sandra!
Come up!
Come up! Hurry!
- Greetings. - Greetings.
Have a seat, child.
It looks like you're coming here
with questions, child.
Yes, Jero.
A few days ago,
I stayed at my relative's friend's villa.
Actually, she came from Jakarta.
Somehow, I feel like she knows Leyak magic.
But I am confused.
Does she really not know
or is she just pretending
because she doesn't want me to know?
Okay.
Indeed.
There is a mystical aura surrounding her.
But sooner or later,
you will know the answer.
Den! Denny!
What's wrong with you, Sandra?
I'm putting on makeup.
- Sandra?
- Lately, why have you always been haunted?
- Denny? - Is it that old woman?
I don't know, Den.
I'm confused too.
Why is it so frequent lately?
Being haunted by an old woman.
Old woman?
Could it be Grandma?
Yeah, that's enough, San.
Later, if you see that old woman again,
bring her here to meet me.
I'll put on makeup on her so she'll
look like a young woman, not old woman.
Come on. Let's put on
some makeup. Smile, darling.
Darling, smile.
We want to put this here.
Come on, smile.
Smile!
Grandma.
- Greetings, Jero. - Greetings.
What's wrong, child?
You seem anxious.
What are you thinking about?
Here's the thing, Jero.
Yesterday, I meditated.
Suddenly, I was in someone's house, Jero.
What did you see?
Two people are talking about an old woman.
Their names are…
Sandra and Denny, Jero.
What did they experience?
One of them, Sandra,
was disturbed by the old woman.
Was that my grandma?
Calm down, child.
Sooner or later,
the mystery of your grandma's amulet
will surely be revealed.
- Okay, Jero. - Calm down.
Den.
Why is it that since I arrived here,
I've experienced many strange things?
Especially
the mystical aura in this villa, Den.
It's terrifying.
You're right.
I feel the same way
since the first time I
set foot into this villa.
The mystical aura is very strong.
See?
What I feel is true.
Maybe…
I can already feel the presence
of supernatural beings here.
Don't say things like that.
It's already nighttime, you know.
Hi, guys. Sandra and I are coming.
I invite Sandra to come.
Wow, Sandra is getting more beautiful.
You too, Auntie.
Not like him.
He always acts strangely.
Come and eat.
- Yeah. - I happened to be hungry.
I'm really hungry. Sandra, go there.
Hey, there.
Right, where are you both going?
Why are you wearing traditional clothes?
We went to a wedding reception earlier.
Didn't Eric come with you?
No, he was at school. I picked him up.
Oh right. I forgot he has school.
Come here, Den. Hurry!
Look under here. There are snakes!
- What are you talking about?
- There are snakes, Den!
Where?
Lower your head.
What snake?
There are no snakes here.
Where's the snake?
You're hallucinating, aren't you?
Really. Look again.
Where's the snake?
Where? There's nothing there, right?
Nothing.
San!
What's wrong?
Sandra! San!
Calm down, San.
San! Sandra!
San!
Mr. Rai!
Honey?
Wake up, honey!
- Honey! - Mr. Rai!
Mr. Rai, help!
San.
What did you give her?
This is a red onion.
According to Balinese beliefs,
it's used to ward off
negative aura from the body.
You still believe in that stuff?
Stop! Believe it or not,
Bali is still full of mystical aura.
Honey?
- You're here. - Slowly.
When did you get here?
I came back to surprise you.
But I'm the one surprised
seeing you like this.
I don't know, honey.
Recently, there have been many
strange incidents at this villa.
I don't get it. I'm scared.
That's enough.
No need to talk about it anymore.
Now Putra is here.
You two get some rest first.
I have to go back
because my mom called
and told me to come home.
Thank you for looking
after Sandra all this time.
Get some rest, San.
- I'm going home. - Den.
Whenever you have time,
keep me company here.
- I'm afraid. - Of course, San. Okay?
- Thank you and be careful. - Bye.
Thank you, Den.
Honey, are you okay?
Den.
- What the heck? - That…
How come it's not there anymore?
There's nothing there.
Impossible. There was something.
There's no way I'm
hallucinating at this hour.
Finally, I've finished
all my work in Jakarta.
Now I can have a swim.
Do you want some drinks?
No need.
Honey.
I'm still traumatized
by this swimming pool.
It's just your mystic hallucination.
Don't think about it.
It's better if you swim with me.
Let's race.
- Come on. - Bring it on. Who's afraid?
We start from there and end it over there.
After that, let's go back there.
Come on.
One, two, three.
You cheated.
Sandra?
What happened, honey?
- What happened to you? - Honey…
Earlier, I saw…
That's enough. You must be tired.
Let's go to our room now, okay?
Come on. What's wrong with you?
What else?
That's what my spiritual teacher said.
There is a mystical
aura inside Sandra's body.
But she only said that
all mysteries will be revealed.
Okay then.
You have to keep me informed
about the information from your
spiritual teacher about Sandra.
Okay, but you need to
keep an eye on Sandra.
Okay, Gayatri.
I've been back and forth too.
All right then.
Mom!
There's a snake!
Honey!
Honey, it's me!
It's me, honey! I'm your wife!
Honey!
Goodness.
Thank God it's just a dream.
My necklace. Where is it?
Honey, have you seen my necklace?
What necklace? I don't see any.
The red necklace I usually wear.
Where did you put it?
Stand up.
Help me look for the necklace.
What's wrong with you?
It's just a necklace.
The one I usually wear, honey.
Why is it missing?
Maybe it fell and you forgot where it is.
I don't care. I just want it back.
Mom has appeared
in my dreams twice already.
What does it mean?
I have a bad feeling.
As if something bad will happen.
Maybe I should
visit the spiritual person.
Honey.
What is it, honey?
I want to go take a swim.
Do you want to join?
No, I'm already showering.
You go ahead.
I see.
Then I'll go for a swim.
Find me at the swimming pool, okay?
Leyak?
I heard someone say Leyak.
It's just me being delusional.
Why are there a lot of snakes?
That means it's true then.
Those people from Jakarta
learned black magic.
- Greetings, Jero. - Greetings.
Please have a seat.
So Jero,
we came here for a reason.
I want to understand what my dream means.
My mother-in-law
who died a long time ago has appeared
in my dreams twice already.
What kind of dream did you have?
We were
in some bushes
in a cemetery or something.
And
we had only white cloths
wrapped around our chests.
I was kneeling in front of her
while she danced in front of me,
like a scene from Calonarang.
- Let's go. - What is it?
What the hell, San? This is serious.
I just arrived here.
While my husband is not here,
accompany me to enter the other realm.
What do you mean?
Do you want to take me to
somewhere in nature, Sandra?
I don't know. I've been so curious lately.
As to why I was always haunted
by the figure of an old woman.
Then are you planning to accompany her?
Do you even know where she is?
Hey, stop joking around.
What do you want then?
I had a dream about what
happened five years ago
when my friends and I were knocked out…
What? Knocked out?
Yes.
I was with them and I
entered another realm.
Accompany me, please.
I don't want to.
I don't want to end up the
same way as your friends,
knocked out by an old woman.
I don't want to.
I'm begging you here.
Gosh, I'll shave your head, you know?
Fine, I'll do it.
But I don't know how to do it.
Come with me. Hurry up.
Hold on! My clothes!
Why do I feel restless?
What do you mean?
I'm worried about our son, Denny.
All right then.
Let's pray together.
Hopefully, everything is okay.
Yes, dear.
San, are you serious? Can't
we do this somewhere else?
Stop playing around, okay?
Okay.
Close your eyes.
Concentrate.
Empty your mind.
Inhale.
San, I don't want that
old woman to follow me here!
I have to call Gayatri.
Hello, Gayatri.
You have to help me and Sandra.
What's happening?
I can't say much,
but you have to come here
and bring your spiritual teacher as well.
Okay.
I'll bring the spiritual teacher.
Okay, be careful.
Let's go.
- Greetings. - Greetings.
What's wrong, child?
It feels like something bad has happened.
Yes, Jero.
A figure of Leyak appeared in
the villa that I told you before.
It terrorized my relative and his friend.
This is all the will of Hyang Widhi Wasa.
That's why all of you can meet here.
What do you mean?
Let's go to the villa right now.
Greetings, Jero.
- Greetings, Jero. - Greetings, Jero.
Ma'am, aren't you the owner of the villa
that my friend rented for
a holiday and photoshoot?
Yes, that's right.
And you…
You're Sandra, right?
Yes, I am.
I will try to peer into what happened.
It is true.
This is her Leyak magic.
The one that you killed at the villa.
That was her amulet.
- Thank you. - Take care.
Be careful.
Right.
I…
I picked up something
that was wrapped in a cloth.
Then I made it into a
necklace with a red string.
No wonder something feels
off about the necklace.
I asked once when we were
at the swimming pool about it.
Where is it now?
I don't know, Jero.
It went missing all of a sudden.
That's a lie!
Someone threw away the necklace on purpose.
Therefore,
that's why Leyak is enraged now.
Where is the amulet?
Sorry, Jero.
I threw it away.
Because I felt that since she had it,
things got very strange.
But honey,
I've been wearing this
necklace for five years.
Nothing ever happened.
It's true.
When Sandra took it to Jakarta,
the amulet was just an ordinary necklace.
However,
when Sandra returned to
Bali with the necklace,
her Leyak magic
emerged again.
What should we do now, Jero?
We must find the amulet immediately.
Then we burn it.
Don't wait until midnight.
So that you don't get killed.
Where did you throw away that necklace?
In the bushes in front of the house.
Hurry. Find the necklace now.
I will use this incense to help us.
Look for it now!
Honey.
Where did you throw it?
It should be over here,
but why is it not here?
It's better if we just split up
so we can find it faster.
Yeah.
That amulet
has been found.
Honey.
Remember.
Whoever burns it
should be one of her relatives.
Don't let your mind go blank.
Burn the amulet.
Remember, don't let your mind go blank.
Lights.
Hurry up!
If you're scared, just go upstairs.
- Stand up. - Take it with you, take it.
Don't leave the headstone
here. Bring it along.
Just carry this. Where's the headstone?
I can finally talk.
Before, the canker sore was
on top. Now it's at the bottom.
No need to get angry about it.
Eric?
Eric.
Fatso!